feat: allow retry onFailure (#85)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-android-sdk: README.md

| `INVALID_CUSTOM_THEME` | 32    | Invalid custom theme.                              |
| `ERROR`                | 29    | General failure.                                   |

### Retry failed challenge

> Inside `OnFailureListener.onFaulure(HCaptchaException e)` you can request SDK to do retry:

Reviewer: typo

> Inside `OnFailureListener.onFaulure(HCaptchaException e)` you can request SDK to do retry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside `OnFailureListener.onFailure(HCaptchaException e)` you can request SDK to retry:
```
